# Star Fox 64 Score Tracker
The Star Fox 64 Score Tracker is a tool I created for the Star Fox 64 score running Discord community [HIT + 64](https://discord.gg/k2JnzC4). The program is heavily inspired by the speedrunning tool LiveSplit and is intended to not only be used for personal tracking but to be incorporated into streaming layouts to provide viewers with an indication of how well a run is going.

### Download: [SF64ScoreTracker.exe](https://drazil100.bitbucket.io/SF64ScoreTracker.exe) 

# Whats New?

### Quick Fix: 3/18/2019

- The text box regains focus after changing comparisons.

### Last Updated: 3/17/2019

- Completely refactored the entire project to be completely data oriented.
- Added comparison functionality!
- Changed the file format to allow for files to contain multiple sections of data. Your Best Run, Top Scores, and comparisons are now all stored in a single file.
- Expanded the "Edit PBs" tab into a full "Scores" tab that lets you edit your Best Run's scores, your Top Scores for individual levels, and lets you add, remove, and edit comparisons.
- Redid all of the GUI to be faster, smoother, and where possible cleaner.
- Added a comparison selector to the Input window that lets you switch between Best Run, Sum of Best, and any comparisons you have mid run.
- The Display window no longer blanks out when you open the options window.
- Probably some other things im forgetting about too! :D

# How to update?
The tracker will always be backwards compatible with previous config and score tracking files. Simply replace the executable of the file you are currently using with the new one linked above and it will function with all of the same files generated by the old copy of the program. 

# Running on Linux
This program is written in C# which is a Microsoft programming language and doesn't really port super well to other operating systems. This program is however tested and compatible with mono for linux. The package you need on Debian / Ubuntu based systems is mono-complete and the command to run the program assuming you cant just opening from your file browsing program is mono SF64ScoreTracker.exe
